walking in the city today is increasingly dangerous in Italian cities yes
every year, 21 million people are verified with 2,500 seats and 280,000 injured
stories of road accidents involving a pedestrian are on the order of
day
in 2006 on the total number of road accident victims
13% were pedestrians
against massacres on urban roads the house for non-violence committed to
local level since 1999
for 9 years we have urged the center-left administrations of san
ferdinando of puglia
to adopt measures to moderate traffic for the protection of users
of the defenseless polimi of the road pedestrians and cyclists
we have presented organic proposals
accompanied by a timely and accurate documentation
raised pedestrian crossings
Berlin cushions change of flooring horizontal shifts
of the roadway pedestrian streets
cycle paths
in san ferdinando di puglia
15 years of center-left administration
on the topic of pedestrian safety traffic moderation
did not produce any appreciable results
while the neighboring cities of trinitapoli canosa realized with the
raised pedestrian crossings
in San Ferdinando di Puglia there were no cars with classic stripes
zebra pedestrians
a shameful lack highlighted by a video-complaint of the house for the not
violence
published on binche youtiube view
9 April 2008
we forwarded to the parties that presented themselves at the elections
administrative
a political program in which among the many proposals
there were those of traffic moderation and crossings
raised pedestrian crossing
the list of center-right people
led by Mayor Savior Smurfs
breaking on these issues 15 years of inertia of the city center government
left
finally accepted our proposal and realized it
57 pedestrian crossings raised at most road intersections
dangerous
pedestrian crossroads red and white road signs inhabited area noisy barbie
on the main access roads to the city
lol
these are the first traffic mitigation measures for the
pedestrian protection
implemented by the new municipal administration
in the same period the municipality of canosa decided to build 7
raised pedestrian crossings in addition to those of excellent workmanship
already existing
in san ferdinando di puglia
the poor quality of the first 33 raised pedestrian crossings
if compared to the good quality of those present in trinitapoli and canosa
is to be considered a sin of youth remedied by the administrators
municipal by technicians is belatedly noted in the remaining 24
pedestrian crossings that turn out to be of good construction quality
in the future we hope for a sequence of interventions in the road network
small town
which includes the creation of a zone 30 throughout the city
narrowing of roadway
to favor the reduction of the binding speeds
parking sun alternating on both sides of the roadway that they create
citing and forcing motorists in slow motion